well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about trump
big testing
and nonsense
the president of the united states is
one of the few people
capable of packing so much nonsense into
a tweet
that even alice gets upset
today he tweeted out
cases up because of big testing
big and all capital letters of course
much of our country
is doing very well open the schools
i want to pause for a second and just
draw attention to the fact
that the president of the united states
who
is at heart supposed to be a politician
somebody who can construct statements
that makes sense
thought it was a good idea to put cases
up and open the schools
in the same tweet twitter
limits how much you can put into a
single tweet
he decided these two ideas
should be associated with each other
that decision alone should bar him from
running the country to be
completely honest
now i i can understand the president's
desire
to reopen the schools after
looking at these sentences but this
is nonsense this isn't accurate
cases up because of big testing cases
are up because more people have it
this idea that it's linked to testing
yes we know more people have it because
of the testing
but that doesn't mean it's not spreading
we can look at hospitalizations
which are through the roof
it has nothing to do with testing that's
inaccurate
it's made up it's a lie
the reality is that uh we've gone from
30 000 or so on july 1st
to 60 000 or so hospitalizations on
august 1st
hospitalizations are up that doesn't
mean that people are getting tested and
they're not
impacted it means it's spreading
because we have more severe cases
opening the schools is
a bad idea it's going to help it spread
it's going to hurt the economy it's
going to
delay us getting back on track not to
mention the human cost of this horrible
decision
aside from that let's just say
what he's saying is true that it's the
testing
leading to the higher number of cases
this isn't true
it's not accurate but let's pretend that
it is
even if that was true we still don't
open
according to the cdc according to the
reopening guidelines they put out before
he started putting political pressure on
them
before he started meddling before he
started being more
concerned about his own re-election
chances than american lives
we had to have a decline not going up
not even staying the same
when people talk about him disregarding
the
advice of experts
this is what we're talking about they're
altering the statements put out
to suit their political ends
and we're finally at the point where
even
those medical experts who wouldn't burst
out laughing and publicly embarrass the
president
when he asked about disinfectants
even they're coming out now and saying
you know in rural america you're really
not safe from this
we have to take this seriously even
they're coming out now
because they understand the potential
for loss of life
forget about the economy for a second
loss of life
that loss of life since most people care
about money
is going to directly translate into
a delayed economy because we're not
getting back on track because we're not
taking the steps we need
because we don't have a unified plan all
of this drags on
the longer it drags on
the worse the economy will get if the
president
is concerned about the economy
he's going to have to lead the nation
into doing the right thing
it doesn't have to be ordered it could
just be him
setting the example the problem is trump
doesn't know how to do that
because in order to set the example you
have to take responsibility for
something
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day